I can say that he
and if year
or presented to each other
so about the treatment
avoid each other
you know, I'll tell you so he is there
Now in ska every second shouts about
what
Sergey figures of this season were about the war and
feeling like cold
someone says such a touching
personality Alexander Popov among you not
enough
something like that
excuse me
but money is something that of course I can
now
she condemned the trouble that
there is also how to show
Moscow kindness emotions
i don't want to manipulate
this of course i would bargain way it
I put it I do not know what to do
there is so much happening in the world
so many people that all is not clear of course
they will say
Who is she doing this? What if I confess
showed that he
and about belgium what is love on
you should really think about it
because
it is kosovo it concerns everyone
man in general
everyone and me including red
and what is writing on this day
girls starts to sound
was interested in Moscow
view of life
and what are the goals
Well, you start that the goods of the person
better than doing
sit down bank siberia
relatives and friends begin to impose
this steam goal
it's ugly it's not interesting it's not mine
unprofitable you were doing nonsense 6
that kind of touching these people all not you
loves
what all that done
did what interested you like me
themselves expressed ready
listen let's say no movie can
so grieved want to receive
pleasure what do you want to do
they told that this period
hence this is all yours
it's just you did it soul it and
have you
it turns out that they did not accept you
they don't love you
because to get yourself as you express
just in these questioning situations
you do not need to impose your
you can do that
that's what's fashionable like this should be confused
impose this system on you society
all this knowledge is based on
this makes you probes like themselves
it's wrong
and man is Tokyo any date when he
understands and accepts that
all around
also human
apart from that like him
Savisaar
it is generally
can't understand yet
people as they are
not everyone wants to impose something to prove
disassemble
and check
of course when come to vote
I wonder what
do you understand how
that a person just does not think about
life therefore
as a result, what troubles trouble
For situations of cleanliness, the world and something else
that
jessie comes from allowing
actually blowers
being examined
think
for the first time really appreciated
all my dreams come true as yet
stronger
and I
among them in itself
so low there is no freedom within
there are limited fears and doubts
I don’t have any victory
need to drink
and just come to be yourself
be easier to take everyone as they are